{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30440\viewh22520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 These are the transcribed spoken unfiltered and unedited notes from me reading the book unscripted by MJ DeMarco in regards to how it fits with FourFlow OS it's mainly a book about un shackling from the prescribed narrative from society and how that manifest in peoples narrative, goals roles systems, missions, vision, and rewriting within the context of the pursuit of entrepreneurship life and liberty. It goes into some details about the financial aspect of living free, but for the purposes of FourFlow OS, the main component is around its own proprietary framework for laying the groundwork both from a mindset and purpose and business perspective the first part starts with dissonance echoing back how people might feel about their current life in this first part key identifies the problem that has haunted the readers since they've been old enough to have a job. It's this sense of unease. something we feel and now realizing as you go getting the fear that you're actually living this prescribed lifestyle that does not feel right. He causes the dissonance. He goes over a bunch of points about how we aim for things that are not ours, but that we've been told our important he makes a point about uniqueness, careless, whispers guilty souls have no rhythm. There's a quote by Thomas Carlisle the philosopher here's what it says none of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding, except when he listens to this whisper, which is heard by him alone. This quote I see linking to the curiosity key and how that manifest in vision values, and ultimately in life's narrative and mission. As a diagnostic, he says, however, what's important are not the walls that frame your story but the sense that something is wrong. A careless whisper guilts your soul; a heartfelt, pleading, the moaning, regret, and restlessness; it dissonance which you've camouflaged by the mundane and the medioc this I see as describing potentially how somebody might feel relating to emotions in regards to where they're going and their story so the point is not the walls in the sense of the physical objects and they might have extrinsic meaning to society, but rather how we feel towards those things. This whole section is about whispers that something is dissonant. Here are some others: another whisper could be the sting of insignificance: if you were suddenly kidnapped and beamed to planet Romulus, no one outside your family would give a shit other than your roommate. He just misses your half of the rent payment(when I read parts from the book you'll notice that this author has a particular edgy style you will recognize it in some of the sentences I am transcribing here) other whispers are weekly appointments with anguish: the arrival of Sunday night and it's awaiting Monday. Feels like hide and seek with the grim reaper or perhaps the whisper is contempt salted with guilt: you hate your job, your boss and your company, but damn, that paycheque is instant amnesia. If you're older, the whispers likely stew as frustration: you did everything right in life as recommended and directed by authority, and yet, no matter how much you work, save, and scrap, getting ahead is impossible. Other whispers echo as disbelief and skepticism: the bank paid seven cents in interest last year and, at the rate, your 401K is growing, you'll retire by the 24th century and then there's perhaps the most haunting whisper: regret. You were going to do something with your life. Be rich. Famous. A CEO. Independently successful. But now it's all a dead dream. Sitting at top a stack of bills a top a desk a top of mediocre life. Every something tormenting your daily humdrum hint of a great deception. It comes down to your living, but you aren't alive. Summarized: your soul will resonate its desires or discontent, when faced with quiet or minimal distraction; for example, sleeping, showering, or during a massage. Here's a question related to this: how are you responding to your soul's voice? Is it denied? Ignored? Muzzled with the intense demand of meaningless work? Distracted by a television? Honored? The next section is about the modern day matrix the script. Here's a quote that embodies that: what if I told you that this operating system has granted you an authentic life of someone else's design? A life you did not choose. A life meticulously preplanned and preordained to follow a predictable blueprint of mediocrity. What if I told you that all your whispers, the despondent, the uneasiness, is your soul knocking on the door of consciousness, pleading to be heard? You aren't living by free will; you're living by a script. The main point is and in authentic life is one trapped by other people's thinking. Here's a question what presumptive rules, social wars, and cultural norms. Have you followed without question? And have those constructs given your life what you dreamed? The book also reframes conventional wisdom, which is a road to a conventional life. He goes over many examples of the scripted doctrine: to succeed in life you need a college degree. Comfort and security start with a good job at a good company. Starting a business is risky. To get rich, you should pinch pennies and eliminate all unnecessary expenditures. Your home is a great investment. Money doesn't buy happiness. Good things come to those who wait. Time is money. Each of these statements is what I call script speak. On any given day at any given website your perpetually bludgeoned over the head with this bunk like no one has heard it before the book talked about how as a kid we had fantastic dreams and unstoppable visions powering an optimistic future but then something happens. We grow up. Something becomes the boss of you. Be realistic. Grow up. That's impossible. Stop daydreaming about this and that. The script \'96 modern civilizations impermeable Internet, where dreams are killed and life routinized into the mundane and trivial \'96 got into your head. This is what happened. Question: who or what has become the boss of you? A pile of student loan depth? A job a car payment or a mortgage? Unwritten expectations from family or peers? The book then goes deep in the scripted operating system, the web of servitude it's a framework for obedience. At a high-level this is a framework that leads to model citizenry it starts with the cedars which feeds into the hyper realities which leads to the life paths and ultimately into sidewalk or slow lane. The cedars are like a torrent hosted within a computer system cedars right and enforce scripted doctrine, such as friends and family education, corporate financial government media. The hyper realities are the Scripps illusions, the reinforce your obedience and captivity through deception, distortion, or diversion. Hyper reality examples are name days, corporations, money, freedom, consumerism, virtual reality, entertainment, college degrees, hyper personality. This then leads to the life paths which is temporal prostitution temporal prostitution is cedars, and their hyper realities sanctify a criminal trade for your most precious asset: your time. The life paths is the illusion of free choice and deciding your slave owner: A, the sidewalk or door B the slow lane both lead to the slaughter house neither makes you the boss of you. Distraction is a meta-aspect where as if your distracted, the scripted OS stays hidden. Model citizenship becomes a forgo conclusion. Model citizenship: you unwilling legally become a scripted servant who is mediocre, obedient, dependent entertained and lifeless, and who then becomes a cedar, a compromised party propagating the scripted OS. On Cedars: this is a quote from Jacques fresco futurist. We are not taught to be thinkers, but reflectors of our culture. Let's teach our children to be thinkers. Script divergent is unacceptable. You must be like us. You must stay within the lines of the 9 to 5 model. Speak of anything outside the formula and watch the spaghetti fly. Watch friends drop. Watch loved ones doubt you or worse disowned you. A question related to this what cedars are currently influencing your life? Are their motives in your best interest? Or theirs? The next section is about hyper reality your illusionary captures. The quote associated with the section is from Plato the philosopher. Those who are able to see beyond the shadows and lies of their culture will never be understood, let alone believed, by the masses. This section talks about the mental phenomenon known as an observational bias, and it's a brain function known as your reticular activating system or RAS. Your RAS has many critical functions one being a filter. It creates a link to the narrative key in FourFlow OS because it says: what does your reticular activating system have to do with the script? Well, since your particular activating system sees once it's made aware, awareness holds the key for transforming subconscious to reality. The scripts illusions flow through its cedars: media, family, educational institutions, and the rest. However, the scripts real power isn't from its cedars; it is from the false realities cast by its seeders. The book also makes a link to the open mind. Key: a dramatic life shift requires a dramatic mind shift. Right now, your lazy brain is a scripted ally. Once you're reticular, activating system is nudged, the blindfold drops. Scripted doctrine whitelist from your firewall, and suddenly actual reality becomes clear. This paves the way to rewriting, injurious, beliefs and social contracts, not written in stone, but written in reflective shadows. Then the book talks about the various hyper realities. This one might be related to tools which is consumerism, which is the myth that consumption can produce success or happiness. It's consumerism's job to trick you into thinking utility is not enough. Another related to narrative and role is about the hyper personality. Hyper personality is a persons public image, a fa\'e7ade projected by fame or social media, a carefully crafted Mirage that does not represent the real, humanized version of the individual. It's the expression of the hyper self, which becomes more important than the true self social media has made this important to track. We've created a swath of people who have carefully crafted an illusion of importance that has systematically poisoned the will, and desire to actually do the hard work that importance demands. By sharing only life's highlights and cloaking the rest we cast a pseudo reality. This last quote is important when it comes to narrative and having it be a true reflection of a person's journey. Hyper personality. Also, has you dwelling on the lives of others, instead of dwelling on your own. The next hyper reality is virtual reality. Virtual reality is a captivating, an addictive simulation of an alternative reality exploiting a series of enticement heuristics: competition, goal, achievement, full improvement, and positive feedback loops. Video games, online realities, and mobile gaming or VR examples that millions choose over reality. This creates an interesting link between tools and narrative, virtual realities, allure and subsequent grip emerges by tickling your feedback loop while simultaneously playing to your lazy brain. This whole sequence that the author talks about is an interesting analogue to a degenerative version of the FourFlow OS in action where a tool provides a false feedback loop to a false role or narrative by not dealing in reality. It's not that video games are necessarily bad, but it would have to be within a context that isn't about indulging in a hyper reality. Here there's a call to action: make life your game: you acquire experience, points, gold, money, cars, assets, liabilities; you weigh decisions, act, not act, solve problems, and overall, manage yours as a player. And yet instead of seeing life as a game to be one, the script has confiscated your player avatar and made you the one to be gamed. Hyper reality number six is entertainment the entertainment hyper reality is an emotional or intellectually, irrational investment in an entertainment format \'96 sports, television, movies \'96 where the investment becomes either an impassioned part of your identity or any erroneous belief about reality like many I enjoy watching sports as much as playing them in particular. I'm a big NFL guy. However, I'm not so big into it that it's an impassioned piece of my identity. Here there is another interesting link to emotions and how the stack could be altered. Here's another quote if Yin is the emotional side of the entertainment, hyper reality, then yang is intellectual irrationality. Money is the next hyper reality money the world's dominant hyper reality, is a mutually shared belief that physical money, a.k.a. a stack of paper bills, or virtual digital money is valuable, and that the person possessing it is equally valuable in ancient culture cultures. Such value expressions could be feathers in a headdress, a tribal age, the size of a flock, or the number of emerald stones possessed. Hyper reality number eight is freedom. The most fraudulent hyper reality renting rampant in the first world is freedom itself\'96 the perception that we come into this world, free and unencumbered, a sovereign person born with liable rights that cannot be co-opted, confiscated, or subjugated by any laws, customs, or beliefs. Not true not for you, me or anyone else.}